2455    I'm making a method combining Scrum with the OpenUP lifecycle and deliverables. I also want to keep the OpenUP disciplines apart from "Project Management".  I can "hide" it so that it's not immediately obvious in my generated method site. But when you then navigate to the "Risk List" artefact for example the PM is still seen as contributing and if you click on the link you get taken to the PM Discipline page.  How can I remove it completely from my method without deleting it from the OpenUP library which I'm consuming? 
5012827 I am researching CoffeeScript on the website http://coffeescript.org/ and it has the text     The CoffeeScript compiler is itself written in CoffeeScript   How can a compiler compile itself or what does this statement mean? 
45756   At Disney World they use a system called Fastpass to create a second shorter line for popular rides.  The idea is that you can wait in the standard line often with a wait longer than an hour or you can get a FastPass which allows you to come back during a specified time block (usually a couple hours later) and only wait for 10 minutes or less.  You can only be "waiting" for one ride at a time with a FastPass.  I have been trying to figure out the queue theory behind this concept but the only explanation I have found is that it is designed to get people out of the lines and doing things that will bring in additional revenue (shopping eating etc).    Is this why FastPass was implemented or is there a real visitor efficiency problem that it solving?  Are there software applications that have applied similar logic?  Are there software applications that should apply similar logic?  Part of the problem I see with implementing something similar in software is that it is based on users choosing their queue.  Do to the faster wait cycles in software I think a good application of this theory would require the application to be smart enough to know what queues to place people in based on their needs without requiring end-user choice. 
2012356 A colleague of mine states that booleans as method arguments are not acceptable. They shall be replaced by enumerations. At first I did not see any benefit but he gave me an example.  What's easier to understand?  file.writeData( data true );   Or  enum WriteMode {   Append   Overwrite };  file.writeData( data Append );   Now I got it! ;-) This is definitely an example where an enumeration as second parameter makes the code much more readable.  So what's your opinion on this topic? 
12767   The following will cause infinite recursion on the == operator overload method      Foo foo1 = null;     Foo foo2 = new Foo();     Assert.IsFalse(foo1 == foo2);      public static bool operator ==(Foo foo1 Foo foo2) {         if (foo1 == null) return foo2 == null;         return foo1.Equals(foo2);     }   How do I check for nulls? 
1037    Background  Last year I did an internship in a physics research group at a university. In this group we mostly used LabVIEW to write programs for controlling our setups doing data acquisition and analyzing our data. For the first two purposes that works quite OK but for data analysis it's a real pain. On top of that everyone was mostly self-taught so code that was written was generally quite a mess (no wonder that every PhD quickly decided to rewrite everything from scratch). Version control was unknown and impossible to set up because of strict software and network regulations from the IT department.  Now things actually worked out surprisingly OK but how do people in the natural sciences do their software development?  Questions  Some concrete questions:   What languages/environments have you used for developing scientific software especially data analysis? What libraries? (for example what do you use for plotting?) Was there any training for people without any significant background in programming? 
6367    Why are we using   for (int i = 0 ; i &lt; count ; i++){ }   Why the i?  Why not   for (int a = 0; a &lt; count; a++){ }   I do it you do it everyone does it but WHY?  *Edit  I found out an old saying about Fortran which is more funny than correct which says "god is real everything else above is an integer".  "god" would be a variable name stating with a g so it would be in the real domain while everything else above (excluding h for the joke's purpose) would be an integer.  It seems that the original saying was in fact: "God is real unless declared integer". Apologies to everyone citing me in their Ph.D thesis. 
16853   EDIT: Re-written this question based on original answer  The scala.collection.immutable.Set class is not covariant in its type parameter. Why is this?   import scala.collection.immutable._  def foo(s: Set[CharSequence]): Unit = {     println(s) }  def bar(): Unit = {    val s: Set[String] = Set("Hello" "World");    foo(s); //DOES NOT COMPILE regardless of whether type is declared             //explicitly in the val s declaration }  
1737    When I get a vanilla Windows system there's a bunch of stuff I change to make it more developer-friendly.  Some of it I remember every time other stuff I only do as and when.  Examples:   Show extensions of all file types Make hidden and system file visible Turn off Windows Defender   I seem to remember a blog post from Jeff on this topic but can't locate it!  What else do you do and do you have any tools that automate this process? 
36330   Computer Haiku How would you write a program To make them for you 